---
layout: post
section-type: post
title: the codethroughsummer challenge
category: challenges
tags: [ 'codethroughsummer' ]
---


## #codethroughsummer challenge

### For professionals

The world needs a change now more then ever. Be the change, remember that billionaire startup idea you dreamt about? It's high time to start working on it.

### For students

Experimentation is the best way to learn. Reach out to us in slack for mentorship, we'll help you build your own syllabus for the project you want to work on. Hard work and dedication is the key to success.

### Getting started

TL;DR The rules of the challenge is pretty simple:

1) You have to code for atleast one hour everyday on your project throughout the summer.

2) The daily coding period does not include the time spent on watching tutorials or reading blogs online. 

3) At the end of day, you have to tweet the progress you made with #codethroughsummer and #communitytocode hashtags.

4) If due to any reason you are not able to code for atleast one hour. We would like you to tweet on what you preferred to spend your time on instead. :P

5) At the end of the summer, the people successfully completing the challenge will receive a surprise from the communitytocode team. 

Remember,  this is not someone else's but your own initiative to work on something you are passionate about. The challenge is about consistency and dedication which are the two most important qualities for a person to be successful.

To get updates about the challenge follow me on twitter:

Also, don't forget to join our slack community to meet other people committed to the same goal as you. You are not alone lone ranger, let's meet and have fun while we work.